stdenv: PURL fetcher introduction (#454333)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/release-notes/rl-2605.section.md

- `services.taskchampion-sync-server` module have been added an option `services.taskchampion-sync-server.dynamicUser` to use systemd's DynamicUser feature. This is enabled by default when stateVersion is at least 26.05, and disabled otherwise. If you need this feature, you need to set `services.taskchampion-sync-server.dynamicUser` to `true` and migrate `/var/lib/taskchampion-sync-server` to `/var/lib/private/taskchampion-sync-server`.

## Other Notable Changes {#sec-nixpkgs-release-26.05-notable-changes}

<!-- To avoid merge conflicts, consider adding your item at an arbitrary place in the list instead. -->

> - Metadata identifier purl (Package URL, https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec) has been added for fetchgit, fetchpypi and fetchFromGithub fetchers and mkDerivation has been adjusted to reuse these informations. Package URL's enables a reliable identification and locatization of software packages. Maintainers of derivations using the adopted fetchers should rely on the `drv.src.meta.identifiers.v1.purl` default identifier and can enhance their `drv.meta.identifiers.v1.purls` list once they would like to have additional identifiers. Maintainers using fetchurl for `drv.src` are urged to adopt their `drv.meta.identifiers.purlParts` for proper identification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Package-URL (PURL, https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec) metadata identifier has been added for `fetchgit`, `fetchpypi` and `fetchFromGithub` fetchers.
  `mkDerivation` has been adjusted to reuse this information.
  Package-URLs allow reliably identifying and locating software packages.
  Maintainers of derivations using the adapted fetchers should rely on the `drv.src.meta.identifiers.v1.purl` default identifier and can enhance their `drv.meta.identifiers.v1.purls` list once they would like to have additional identifiers.
  Maintainers using `fetchurl` for `drv.src` are urged to adapt their `drv.meta.identifiers.purlParts` for proper identification.
```
